Doctor Strange was studying an ancient, dusty scroll in the quiet library of the Sanctum Sanctorum when a high-pitched, cackling laugh echoed through the halls. Suddenly, a small, bright green pumpkin-shaped device rolled across the floor, releasing a sparkling cloud of glitter and purple smoke. Out of the window, the Green Goblin zoomed by on his high-tech hover-glider, tossing more "glitter bombs" onto the roof of the Sanctum. This version of the Goblin wasn't looking to hurt anyone; he just wanted to be the most famous and mischievous prankster in all of New York City.

The Goblin began swapping the signs on Bleecker Street, making confused tourists walk in circles for hours. He used a special neon spray to turn the city's public water fountains into giant, overflowing bubble baths. Strange knew he had to stop the chaotic mischief before the entire neighborhood was buried in mountains of soap suds. He stepped out of the front door of the Sanctum, his loyal Cloak of Levitation fluttering bravely behind him as he prepared a complex containment spell.

Strange didn't use scary fire or bolts of lightning to solve the problem. Instead, he opened a small, shimmering portal directly in front of the Goblin’s speeding glider. The Goblin flew right through it and found himself in a "Mirror Dimension" version of a local playground. In this magical space, every time he tried to throw a glitter bomb, it instantly turned into a beautiful bouquet of flowers that fell harmlessly to the ground. The Goblin looked completely confused as his glider started blowing harmless bubbles instead of dark smoke.

The Sorcerer Supreme appeared and kindly explained that while jokes can be fun, they shouldn't cause trouble for other people. He offered the Goblin a chance to use his amazing gadgets for something much better, like a spectacular light show for the city's upcoming summer festival. The Goblin, realizing his pranks were more fun when people actually enjoyed them, happily agreed to help decorate the night sky with magical fireworks instead of making messy glitter piles.