When Ego's planet cracked open and began to fall apart beneath their feet, Peter Quill was stranded on a hillside of crumbling gold light. He had just defeated a Celestial. He had just lost a father he had spent thirty years wondering about. And he was about to be swallowed by a dying world. That should have been the end of the story. It was not, because Yondu Udonta had come to find him. The blue-skinned Ravager captain dropped through the falling sky in a single salvaged spacesuit and a single rocket pack, his red mohawk-fin glinting, his yaka arrow whistling at his belt. He scooped Peter up under one arm the way he had once scooped him off a Missouri front lawn in 1988, and he kicked the engine on.

The spacesuit was built for one person. There was only one helmet between them. As they hurtled up through the breaking atmosphere of Ego's planet, Yondu made the quietest decision of his long, loud life. He pressed the helmet down onto Peter's head. He pulled a thin Ravager flight-jacket up around his own shoulders, knowing it would not be enough. He looked at Peter through the visor and smiled with his sharp, crooked teeth, and his red metal fin caught one last gleam of starlight. Peter realized, much too late, what was happening. He shouted into the helmet. He pounded on the glass. The cold of empty space had already begun to close around Yondu's blue skin.

"He may have been your father, boy," Yondu rasped, in a voice softer than Peter had ever heard him use, "but he wasn't your daddy." Then the Ravager who had stolen Peter Quill, raised him on Junk Food and yaka arrows, called him "rat" and "boy" for thirty years, and never once said the word love out loud, drifted gently into the dark. Peter floated up alone through the wreckage of his birth-father's world, the silence of space humming in his ears, and finally understood who had been raising him all along.

The Ravager funeral was the largest in a hundred years. A dozen old captains, who had once exiled Yondu for breaking their code, fired their ships' colored exhaust streams in a long ribbon across the night sky as they had not done for any Ravager in living memory. Kraglin, Yondu's first mate, gave Peter the yaka arrow as an inheritance. Peter held it in his palm and tried to whistle the way Yondu used to. It did not move. Not yet. But Peter Quill stood there on the deck of the Eclector, looking up at the colored ribbon of fire across the stars, and quietly thanked the strange, gruff, blue-skinned pirate who had decided, one Missouri night, to keep him.
