If somebody asked you to draw a picture of YOUR family, who would you draw? Some people would draw a mom and a dad. Some would draw two moms. Some would draw a grandpa and a dog. Some would draw a whole crowd of cousins. Families come in all kinds of shapes. And the Guardians of the Galaxy? Oh boy. THEIR family is the strangest shape of all.

Peter Quill's family lived on a place called KNOWHERE. Try to picture this. Knowhere is the giant hollowed-out skull of an ancient space giant called a Celestial. Like, a real skull. The size of a city. Floating in deep space. People live INSIDE it. The eye-sockets are windows. The teeth are gates. It is — and I am being completely honest — the weirdest neighborhood in the universe.

And living on Knowhere with Peter were all his favorite weirdos.

There was ROCKET — the talking raccoon with the biggest gun and the biggest heart.

There was GROOT — no longer a tiny sapling, but a tall teenager-tree who growled when he talked and rolled his branchy eyes when Peter danced. Heh!

There was DRAX — the strong red-tattooed warrior who had FINALLY started getting jokes. Sort of. Most of the time.

There was MANTIS — Peter's bug-antennaed sister, who could feel anyone's feelings just by touching them.

There was NEBULA — Gamora's blue-skinned sister, who used to be scary but had become the BOSS of Knowhere, running the whole place with a clipboard.

There was KRAGLIN — Yondu's old first mate, who now wore Yondu's red metal fin on his head and was learning to whistle the yaka arrow. WHIZZZZ! Crash. He was getting better. Slowly.

And there was COSMO. Oh, you HAVE to meet Cosmo. Cosmo is a big, fluffy, golden Soviet space dog. With TELEPATHIC POWERS. Which means he can talk to you with his MIND. He thinks little dog thoughts at you, like "I love you" and "Belly rubs?" and "Did you bring snacks?"

There was a sad part to the family, too. Rocket had just come home from a very hard adventure. He had had to face the bad scientist who made him a long time ago. And in that adventure, Rocket had said goodbye to his very first friends — Lylla the otter, Teefs the walrus, and Floor the rabbit. They were not with him anymore. Rocket carved their names into the inside of his workbench. He cried about them at night for a long time. And Peter Quill just sat next to him and listened. That's what family does. Family listens.

Their new ship was called the BOWIE — named after a singer on Peter's Awesome Mix tape. It was painted cosmic BLUE and bright ORANGE. It had bunks for everyone. It had a huge kitchen where Drax cooked. It had a music system that started playing WHOOSH the second Peter walked into the cockpit. Cosmo curled up on the captain's chair when Peter wasn't in it, tail thumping THUMP-THUMP-THUMP on the leather. Mantis grew herbs in the back. Nebula tinkered with computers.

And one day, Peter Quill did something he had not done in THIRTY YEARS. He flew home.

He flew the Bowie down through Earth's atmosphere — SHOOM! — and landed in a Missouri cornfield, right next to his grandfather's farmhouse. Grandpa Quill came running out of the front door, and when he saw Peter — alive, all grown up, after all this time — he started to cry. He cried right there in the corn.

Then he made PANCAKES. Lots and lots of pancakes. Twenty extra for Drax. Bacon for Cosmo. Crayons for Groot to chew on. Everybody piled into the kitchen. Everybody made a mess. Everybody laughed.

When the Bowie lifted back up into the sky, Grandpa stood on the porch and waved until they were gone.

And Peter looked around the cockpit at his strange, wonderful family — his telepathic dog, his teenage tree, his blue sister, his green wife who had come back from the past, his loud raccoon — and he understood something very important. The best family is not the family you start with. It's the family you BUILD. And then it's the family you bring home.
